	“Don’t walk in front of me… I may not follow
Don’t walk behind me… I may not lead
Walk beside me… just be my friend”

“You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.”

“In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.”

“Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.”

“Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.”

“Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?”

“Live to the point of tears.”

“But in the end one needs more courage to live than to kill himself.”

“In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer.

And that makes me happy. For it says that no matter how hard the world pushes against me, within me, there’s something stronger – something better, pushing right back.”

“The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.”

“You know what charm is: a way of getting the answer yes without having asked any clear question.”


“I may not have been sure about what really did interest me, but I was absolutely sure about what didn't.”“Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.”

“Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.”

“I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world.”

“An intellectual? Yes. And never deny it. An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself. I like this, because I am happy to be both halves, the watcher and the watched. "Can they be brought together?" This is a practical question. We must get down to it. "I despise intelligence" really means: "I cannot bear my doubts.”



“Fiction is the lie through which we tell the truth.”

“When I look at my life and its secret colours, I feel like bursting into tears.”

“Real generosity towards the future lies in giving all to the present.”

“To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.”

“The purpose of a writer is to keep civilization from destroying itself"
“In order to understand the world, one has to turn away from it on occasion."



“I used to advertise my loyalty and I don't believe there is a single person I loved that I didn't eventually betray.”

“Always go too far, because that's where you'll find the truth”

“When the soul suffers too much, it develops a taste for misfortune.”

“At the heart of all beauty lies something inhuman.”

“O light! This is the cry of all the characters of ancient drama brought face to face with their fate. This last resort was ours, too, and I knew it now. In the middle of winter I at last discovered that there was in me an invincible summer.”

“I had only a little time left and I didn't want to waste it on God.”

“I leave Sisyphus at the foot of the mountain. One always finds one's burden again. But Sisyphus teaches the higher fidelity that negates the gods and raises rocks. He too concludes that all is well. This universe henceforth without a master seems to him neither sterile nor futile. Each atom of that stone, each mineral flake of that night-filled mountain, in itself, forms a world. The struggle itself toward the heights is enough to fill a man's heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy.”

“I do not believe in God and I am not an atheist.”

